## Soli's Robocode Journal! :)

5/25/2024: I missed a lot of class due to different AP Exams the week prior, and we only had Mr. Jones' class once this week, so I didn't really have much done at the start of today. I sat down and watched the video on how to create the starter code, and then copied that exactly into my VS Code. It was a lot easier than I anticipated. After checking to see if my code ran smoothly, I called it a day.

5/27/2024: Now, I started thinking about a strategy to use for my robot. For this, I referenced the links Mr. Jones gave us, but also just played around with the sample bots to see what sparked ideas. I initially really wanted to do the target bot where it locks in on its opponent, but it was outside of my skill level so I decided against it. eventually, I figured that I wanted to implement wall-guided motion, where the turns I make if I hit a wall would help me to move sporadically. I tested my code out, and it was cool, but I definitely needed more because it was very boring.

5/28/2024: As mentioned before, my code at this point was boring, so I worked on ways to make it better/more efficient. At this point, my bot was moving pretty randomly, which was perfect because it made me harder to get. However, because of this, my aim was sort of off and it was hard for me to get people unless they were in my direct line of sight. So, I decided to have my robot spin 360 degrees while I was moving so that I would have a wider range of motion and get the person around me. This definitely elevated my code and made it a lot less boring. Towards the end of this, I figured that I should implement some sort of code to help me adjust my firepower depending on my distance from my target (to make it more efficient). Though I tried to do this, I kept getting an error message but I wasn't able to see what it was, so I decided to work on it with Mr. Jones the next day.

5/29/2024: I went to Mr. Jones today and showed him my code and we ran it together. As he was looking through, he wasn't able to spot the errors in my code but we were confused as to why they weren't coming up in the terminal. He ended up opening a terminal in a separate tab and it was there that I was able to see what I had done wrong (it was mainly curly bracket errors). Once I resolved these, I was done with my code! Moya, Nadyah, and I stayed after school with Mr. Jones though to make some finishing touches. My main concern to be honest was that my code was too simple, but Mr. Jones looked at it and said that it was fine, which made me feel relieved. Tomorrow we present and then we'll be done!!!!!
